> ## Welcome блок

- Настроить пропсы
- Настроить входной продукт, чтобы для каждой страницы в корзину грузился определенный сегвей
- Отменить ререндер

# ------------------------------ ks-e-45 ------------------------------

# 1 desktop

Innovative Thread <br/> Locking Technology

The vehicle body adopt the innovative thread locking <br/> technology used in high-speed bullet trains, and are strictly <br/> tested. After undergoing 6213 miles of <br/> testing, the frame of the
E45 is still in tip top shape.

# 1 mobile

Innovative Thread <br/> Locking Technology

The vehicle body adopt the innovative thread <br/> locking technology used in high-speed bullet <br/> trains, and are strictly tested. After undergoing <br/> 6213 miles of testing, the frame of the
E45 is still <br/> in tip top shape.

# 2 desktop

Classic <br/> Foldable <br/> Design

The E45 features the classic folding design <br/> that is easy to carry and fits perfectly inside a <br/> car’s trunk. Weighing approximately 30 lbs. It <br/> can be easily carried and towed around,
fits <br/> perfectly in the back of car trunks.

# 2 mobile

Classic Foldable Design <br/>

The E45 features the classic folding design that is <br/> easy to carry and fits perfectly inside a car’s trunk. <br/> Weighing approximately 30 lbs. It can be easily <br/> carried and towed around,
fits perfectly in the <br/> back of car trunks.

# 3 desktop

2.5W Front <br/> LED Lights

Up to 44 ft extended illumination distance.

# 3 mobile

2.5W Front LED Lights

Up to 44 ft extended illumination distance.

# 4

9” Non- <br/> Pneumatic <br/> Tires

Three years in the making, the new inner <br/> support technology has higher resilience than <br/> ordinary solid tires, and is maintenance-free <br/> with high shock absorption. The 9 inch wheel
<br/> size also provides additional comfort when <br/> riding through tough terrains.

# 4

9” Non-Pneumatic Tires

Three years in the making, the new inner <br/> support technology has higher resilience than <br/> ordinary solid tires, and is maintenance-free with <br/> high shock absorption. The 9 inch wheel size
<br/> also provides additional comfort when riding <br/> through tough terrains.

# 5 COPY ks-e-22

# 6

Intuitive <br/> Digital <br/> Dashboard

Driving information is clear at a glance.

# 6

Intuitive Digital Dashboard

Driving information is clear at a glance.

# 7 copy of top

# ------------------------------ ks-es1l ------------------------------

# 1

Front Shock <br/> Absorber

A Smooth Ride Through Bumpy Roads. The spring in the <br/> shock absorber is designed to cushion the rider from <br/> bumps and dips. This allows for a smooth ride over rough <br/> surfaces.

# 1

Front Shock Absorber

A Smooth Ride Through Bumpy Roads. The spring <br/> in the shock absorber is designed to cushion the <br/> rider from bumps and dips. This allows for a <br/> smooth ride over rough surfaces.

# 2

One-Click <br/> Folding <br/> Mechanism

Take it with you to wherever and whenever. <br/> You don’t need to look for a parking space <br/> like an ordinary vehicle, fold it with one foot, <br/> bring it around, and place it wherever <br/>
you want.

# 2

One-Click Folding Mechanism <br/>

Take it with you to wherever and whenever. You <br/> don’t need to look for a parking space like an <br/> ordinary vehicle, fold it with one foot, bring it <br/> around, and place it wherever <br/>
you want.

# 3

2.5W Bright <br/> Anti-Glare <br/> Headlights

Uncreased visibility up to 44 ft. The front LED <br/> headlight effectively increases visibility up to 44ft, <br/> even in conditions with low visibility.

# 3

2.5W Bright Anti-Glare <br/> Headlights

Uncreased visibility up to 44 ft. The front LED <br/> headlight effectively increases visibility up to <br/> 44ft, even in conditions with low visibility.

# 4

Flat-Free Tire <br/> with Inner- <br/> Support <br/> Hollow Tires

Combines the best of both solid and pneumatic <br/> tires. The new inner support technology, with <br/> special hollow processing technology, has higher <br/> resilience than ordinary solid tires, and
has the <br/> advantages of no puncture, maintenance-free, and <br/> high shock absorption. With the new integrated <br/> features we are taking your riding experience <br/> to the next level.

# 4

Flat-Free Tire with Inner- <br/> Support Hollow Tires

Combines the best of both solid and <br/> pneumatic tires. The new inner support technology, with <br/> special hollow processing technology, has higher <br/> resilience than ordinary solid tires, and
has the <br/> advantages of no puncture, maintenance-free, and <br/> high shock absorption. With the new integrated <br/> features we are taking your riding experience <br/> to the next level.

# 5

Double BMS <br/> Technology

Double Battery Protection. Every Ninebot electric <br/> Kickscooter has dual BMS technology protection at the <br/> hardware level and software level. In addition to the <br/> hardware-level BMS
protection provided, it also has a <br/> software-level BMS battery management system that has <br/> provided safety protection for 300 million lithium-ion <br/> batteries. We are going above and
beyond to ensure battery <br/> safety and extend battery life.

# 5

Double BMS Technology

Double Battery Protection. Every Ninebot electric <br/> Kickscooter has dual BMS technology protection at <br/> the hardware level and software level. In addition <br/> to the hardware-level BMS
protection provided, it <br/> also has a software-level BMS battery management <br/> system that has provided safety protection for 300 <br/> million lithium-ion batteries. We are going above <br/>
and beyond to ensure battery safety and extend <br/> battery life.

# 6

3 Different <br/> Riding Modes to <br/> Fit Your Style

Safety Mode <br/> Longer Range / Top Speed: 9.3mph / 12.4 miles <br/> range

Standard Mode <br/> Better Riding Experience / Top Speed: 12.4 mph / A <br/> Good Balance of Speed and Range

Sports Mode <br/> Full Speed Ahead / Quick Start, Full power, <br/> Smoothers Inclines

# 6

3 Different Riding Modes <br/> to Fit Your Style

Safety Mode <br/> Longer Range / Top Speed: 9.3mph / 12.4 <br/> miles range

Standard Mode <br/> Better Riding Experience / Top Speed: 12.4 <br/> mph / A Good Balance of Speed and Range

Sports Mode <br/> Full Speed Ahead / Quick Start, Full power, <br/> Smoothers Inclines

# 7

Extra Light, <br/> Extra Stability

The aerospace-grade aluminum alloy body material <br/> weighs only one-third of steel, and its strength per unit <br/> density is 1.3 times that of steel. This gives it a portable <br/> weight of
24.3lbs (11kg) in the ES family and a payload of <br/> 220lbs (100kg).

# 7

Extra Light, Extra Stability <br/>

The aerospace-grade aluminum alloy body <br/> material weighs only one-third of steel, and its <br/> strength per unit density is 1.3 times that of steel. <br/> This gives it a portable weight of
24.3lbs (11kg) in <br/> the ES family and a payload of 220lbs (100kg).

# ------------------------------ ks-air-t15 ------------------------------

# 1

Ninebot <br/> kickscooter air t15

is the most compact, lightweight, and energy-efficient electric <br/> kickscooter ever introduced to navigate in a city environment. <br/> <br/>

The design is a perfect fit for the urban lifestyle and is best for <br/> completing your last-mile commute, carrying on mass transportation <br/> and storing in cars. The unique sleek and futuristic
appearance of the <br/> Air T15 makes it one of a kind from other scooters in the market.

# 1

Smart battery <br/> Management system <br/> (Smart-BMS)

The Smart-BMS closely monitors the battery status <br/> with multiple protection mechanisms to ensure the <br/> battery durability

# 2

Innovative <br/> Regenerative <br/> Braking System

The innovative regenerative brake system <br/> turns your e-scooter into an electric vehicle <br/> powered by electricity and recycled energy <br/> from riding. The wheels are able to transform <br/>
the energy that is captured during braking <br/> into power and to store it in the integrated <br/> lithium battery pack.

# 2

Innovative Regenerative <br/> Braking System

The innovative regenerative brake system turns <br/> your e-scooter into an electric vehicle powered by <br/> electricity and recycled energy from riding. The <br/> wheels are able to transform the
energy that is <br/> captured during braking into power and to store it <br/> in the integrated lithium battery pack.

# 3

One-sec Folding <br/> Mechanism with <br/> Retractable <br/> Handlebars

The Air T15 can be folded in half with just one click. <br/> When the KickScooter is folded, the handlebar will <br/> self-retract, leaving you with a hassle-free user <br/> experience like no other.

# 3

One-sec Folding Mechanism <br/> with Retractable Handlebars

The Air T15 can be folded in half with just one <br/> click. When the KickScooter is folded, the <br/> handlebar will self-retract, leaving you with a <br/> hassle-free user experience like no other.

# 4

Smart App <br/> Connectivity

The Segway-Ninebot App is available on iOS <br/> and Android integration with Bluetooth <br/> connectivity, allowing you to customize LED <br/> ambient light colors, view live riding stats <br/>
dashboard, and more.

# 4

Smart App Connectivity

The Segway-Ninebot App is available on iOS <br/> and Android integration with Bluetooth <br/> connectivity, allowing you to customize LED <br/> ambient light colors, view live riding stats <br/>
dashboard, and more.

# 5

Fold-In-Half <br/> With 8.7 inches <br/> Height

Unlike many other folding kickscooters available in the <br/> market, Air T15 folds in half just like a paper. Once folded, <br/> Air T15 is only 8.7 inches in height. The folded body size is <br/>
flat and compact, which can be easily stored whether it’s <br/> on the subway or in your car trunk.

# 5

Fold-In-Half With 8.7 <br/> inches Height

Unlike many other folding kickscooters available in <br/> the market, Air T15 folds in half just like a paper. <br/> Once folded, Air T15 is only 8.7 inches in height. <br/> The folded body size is
flat and compact, which <br/> can be easily stored whether it’s on the subway <br/> or in your car trunk.

# 6

Four Riding <br/> Modes

The four riding modes allow riders to switch easily <br/> based on riding occasions. Such modes include <br/> Pedestrian Mode, Energy-saving Mode, Standard <br/> Mode and Sport Mode with a preset
speed limit of <br/> 3.7 mph (6 km/h), 6.2 mph (10 km/h), <br/> 9.3 mph (15 km/h), and 12.4 mph (20 km/h) respectively.

# 6

Four Riding Modes

The four riding modes allow riders to switch easily <br/> based on riding occasions. Such modes include <br/> Pedestrian Mode, Energy-saving Mode, Standard <br/> Mode and Sport Mode with a preset
speed limit of <br/> 3.7 mph (6 km/h), 6.2 mph (10 km/h), 9.3 mph (15 km/h), <br/> and 12.4 mph (20 km/h) respectively.

# 7

Bezel-less Dashboard

The bezel-less dashboard of Air T15 is embedded <br/> with LED nixie tubes and provides you the <br/> convenience to monitor the speed, battery life, riding <br/> modes, Bluetooth connection, cruise
control status, <br/> and error messages of the scooter all in one click.

# 7

Bezel-less Dashboard

The bezel-less dashboard of Air T15 is embedded <br/> with LED nixie tubes and provides you the <br/> convenience to monitor the speed, <br/> battery life, riding modes, Bluetooth <br/> connection,
cruise control status, <br/> and error messages of the <br/> scooter all in one click.

# ------------------------------ ks-f30 ------------------------------

# 1

Built-In Front <br/> LED Light

Equipped with an upgraded 2.1W high-brightness <br/> LED light designed to illuminate the path ahead <br/> of you and increase your visibility to others around you.

# 1

Built-In Front LED Light

Equipped with an upgraded 2.1W high-brightness <br/> LED light designed to illuminate the path <br/> aheadof you and increase your visibility <br/> to others around you.

# 2

Thicken <br/> Fully-enclosed <br/> Footboard

Reduces the vibration and ensures a <br/> comfortable with additional padding for your <br/> feet.

# 2

Thicken Fully-enclosed <br/> Footboard

Reduces the vibration and ensures a comfortable <br/> with additional padding for your feet .

# 3

Smart battery <br/> Management system <br/> (Smart-BMS)

The Smart-BMS closely monitors the battery status <br/> with multiple protection mechanisms to ensure the <br/> battery durability

# 3

Smart battery <br/> Management system <br/> (Smart-BMS)

The Smart-BMS closely monitors the battery status <br/> with multiple protection mechanisms to ensure the <br/> battery durability

# 4

10-inch High- <br/> elasticity <br/> Tire

The 10-inch pneumatic tires, with superior <br/> shock absorption, make your ride smoother <br/> and more stable even on bumpy terrain or <br/> rough surfaces.

# 4

10-inch High-elasticity Tire

The 10-inch pneumatic tires, with superior shock <br/>  
absorption, make your ride smoother and more <br/> stable even on bumpy terrain or rough surfaces.

# 5

Quick <br/> Folding <br/> System

With the Quick Folding System, the F Series can be easily <br/> folded in 1 second to store in the trunk. Also, equipped <br/> with the folding mechanism of the high-end folding <br/> scooters, it is
safe and durable.

# 5

Quick Folding System

With the Quick Folding System, the F Series can be <br/> easily folded in 1 second to store in the trunk. Also, <br/> equipped with the folding mechanism of the high- <br/> end folding scooters, it is
safe and durable.

# 6

E-ABS Electronic <br/> Brake & Disc Brake

Equipped with a front-wheel mechanical drum <br/> brake and a regenerative electric rear brake, <br/> the dual brake system offers more stability and better <br/> steering to ensure a safe ride. In
addition, the 140 mm <br/> disc brakes increase reaction time by up <br/> to 27% and respond in 0.1 s.

# 6

E-ABS Electronic <br/> Brake & Disc Brake

Equipped with a front-wheel mechanical drum <br/> brake and a regenerative electric rear brake, the <br/> dual brake system offers more stability and better <br/> steering to ensure a safe ride. In
addition, the 140 mm <br/> disc brakes increase reaction time by up to 27% <br/> and respond in 0.1 s.

# 7

High <br/> Durability <br/> Motor

With the powerful brushless direct current motor, the <br/> Ninebot KickScooter F Series delivers a fast and <br/> sturdy riding experience. The use of a high power <br/> heat dissipation force
increases the service life of <br/> the motor, and the low heat prevents the motor from <br/> burning out.

# 7

High Durability Motor

With the powerful brushless direct current motor, <br/> the Ninebot KickScooter F Series delivers a fast <br/> and sturdy riding experience. The use of a high <br/> power heat dissipation force
increases the service <br/> life of the motor, and the low heat prevents the <br/> motor from burning out.

# ------------------------------ ks-max ------------------------------

# 1

Smart battery <br/> Management system <br/> (Smart-BMS)

The Smart-BMS closely monitors the battery status <br/> with multiple protection mechanisms to ensure the <br/> battery durability

# 1

Smart battery <br/> Management system <br/> (Smart-BMS)

The Smart-BMS closely monitors the battery status <br/> with multiple protection mechanisms to ensure the <br/> battery durability

# 2

Dual Braking <br/> System

Simultaneous mechanical front drum brake <br/> and regenerative electric back brake provide <br/> both stability and steerability. <br/> <br/>

\*IPX5 water resistance

# 2

Dual Braking System

Simultaneous mechanical front drum brake and <br/> regenerative electric back brake provide both <br/> stability and steerability. <br/> <br/>

*IPX5 water resistance

# 3

Built-In Front <br/> LED Light

Front-facing lights are designed with 2.5w high-brightness LED light to <br/> illuminate the path ahead of you and increase your visibility to others <br/> around you.

*Disclaimer: for your safety, please try not to ride at night

# 3

Built-In Front LED Light

Front-facing lights are designed with 2.5w high- <br/> brightness LED light to illuminate the path <br/> ahead of you and increase your visibility to <br/> others around you.

*Disclaimer: for your safety, please try not to ride at night

# 5

Regenerative Brake for <br/> Power Recycle

The innovative regenerative brake system turns Ninebot KickScooter MAX <br/> into an electric vehicle powered by electricity and recycled energy from <br/> riding. Energy will be collected from
regenerative braking <br/> and distributed when you need a boost.

# 5

Regenerative Brake <br/> for Power Recycle

The innovative regenerative brake system turns <br/> Ninebot KickScooter MAX into an electric vehicle <br/> powered by electricity and recycled energy from <br/> riding. Energy will be collected from
regenerative <br/> braking and distributed when you need a boost.

# 6

Rear-wheel drive <br/> for the best <br/> driving experience

The KickScooter MAX G30LE can climb slopes up <br/> to 20 % thanks to its powerful motor, allowing it to <br/> go uphill easily. In addition, the rear-wheel drive <br/> offers better acceleration
stability and power <br/> efficiency.

# 6

Rear-wheel drive for the best <br/> driving experience

The KickScooter MAX G30LE can climb slopes up <br/> to 20 % thanks to its powerful motor, allowing it to go uphill easily. In addition, the rear-wheel drive <br/> offers better acceleration stability
and power <br/> efficiency.

# 7

Choose your Riding <br/> mode on the LED <br/> Digital Dashboard

The LED digital dashboard can not only show you <br/> the battery level, speed information, Bluetooth <br/> connectivity at a glance, but can also allow you <br/> to easily choose one of the 3 riding
modes. <br/> By clicking twice on the intuitive LED dashboard, you <br/> can directly switch between Eco, Standard, and <br/> Sports modes, depending on your envy and your <br/> riding style.

# 7

Choose your Riding <br/> mode on the LED <br/> Digital Dashboard

The LED digital dashboard can not only show you <br/> the battery level, speed information, Bluetooth <br/> connectivity at a glance, but can also allow you to <br/> easily choose one of the 3 riding
modes. <br/> By clicking twice on the intuitive LED dashboard, <br/> you can directly switch between Eco, Standard, <br/> and Sports modes, depending on your envy and <br/> your riding style.

# ------------------------------ ks-es2 ------------------------------

# 1

Powerful Machine

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES2 has motor power up <br/> to 700W and can go up to 15 mph. The battery system is <br/> equipped with energy recovery system that takes riders further. <br/> <br/>

Our Smart Battery Management System (Smart-BMS) closely <br/> monitors the battery cells to ensure the battery safety and to <br/> extend the battery life.

# 1

Powerful Machine

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES2 has <br/> motor power up to 700W and can go up to 15 mph. <br/> The battery system is equipped with energy <br/> recovery system that takes riders further. <br/>
<br/>

Our Smart Battery Management System (Smart-<br/> BMS) closely monitors the battery cells to ensure <br/> the battery safety and to extend the battery life.

# 2

When Function <br/> Meets Fashion

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES2 is built with <br/> high-strength, lightweight aerospace-graded aluminum <br/> alloy. The one-click folding system allows the ES2 to <br/> be carried on public
transportation, stored in your car <br/> and more. Featured with a customizable LED display, <br/> the silver-gray body of the ride makes a bold yet <br/> sophisticated statement bringing fashion and
<br/> technology to the fullest.

# 2

When Function Meets Fashion

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES2 is built <br/> with high-strength, lightweight aerospace-graded <br/> aluminum alloy. The one-click folding system <br/> allows the ES2 to be carried on public
<br/> transportation, stored in your car and more. <br/> Featured with a customizable LED display, the <br/> silver-gray body of the ride makes a bold yet <br/> sophisticated statement bringing
fashion and <br/> technology to the fullest.

# 3

Built-In Front <br/> LED Light

Front-facing lights are designed with 1.5w high-brightness LED light to <br/> illuminate the path ahead of you and increase your visibility to others <br/> around you. <br/> <br/> \*Disclaimer: for
your safety, please try not to ride at night

# 3

Built-In Front LED Light

Front-facing lights are designed with 1.5w high- <br/> brightness LED light to illuminate the path <br/> ahead of you and increase your visibility to <br/> others around you. <br/> <br/> \*Disclaimer:
for your safety, please try not to ride at night

# 4

One-step <br/> Folding <br/> System

Ninebot Kickscooter by Segway ES2 Generation <br/> 2 is sleek, lightweight and features a one-step <br/> folding system. Now our riders can carry it on <br/> public transportation, store it in their
car and <br/> take it to any destination they desire.

# 4

One-step Folding System

Ninebot Kickscooter by Segway ES2 Generation <br/> 2 is sleek, lightweight and features a one-step <br/> folding system. Now our riders can carry it on <br/> public transportation, store it in their
car and <br/> take it to any destination they desire.

# 5

Manage your <br/> every trip

Ninebot Kickscooter by Segway ES2 has its own <br/> mobile APP to manage rides at your fingertips at anytime and <br/> anywhere to customize your experience.

# 5

Manage your every trip

Ninebot Kickscooter by Segway ES2 has its own <br/> mobile APP to manage rides at your fingertips at <br/> anytime and anywhere to customize your experience.

# 6

Stop and Go <br/> with the Push <br/> of Your Thumb

With a single push of your thumb, you have full <br/> control over your ride.

# 6 (Жду картинку)

Stop and Go with<br/> the Push of Your Thumb

With a single push of your thumb, you have full <br/> control over your ride.

# 7

Safeguards You <br/> Along the Way

The vehicle's structure was carefully analyzed by a <br/> CAE simulation system and passed through 6,214 <br/> miles of road ride testing. Smart Battery <br/> Management System (Smart-BMS) constantly
<br/> monitors the battery's safety.

# 7

Safeguards You <br/> Along the Way

The vehicle's structure was carefully analyzed by a <br/> CAE simulation system and passed through 6,214 <br/> miles of road ride testing. Smart Battery <br/> Management System (Smart-BMS) constantly
<br/> monitors the battery's safety.

# ------------------------------ ks-es4 ------------------------------

# 1

A Real Powerhouse

Experience greater power, range, and speed. With an internal <br/> and external lithium ion battery, the Ninebot KickScooter by <br/> Segway ES4 has a top speed of nearly 19 mph and a range of <br/>
up to 28 miles. The bar for high-performance e-scooters has <br/> been raised.

# 1

A Real Powerhouse

Experience greater power, range, and speed. With <br/> an internal and external lithium ion battery, the <br/> Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES4 has a top <br/> speed of nearly 19 mph and a range of
up to 28 <br/> miles. The bar for high-performance e-scooters <br/> has been raised.

# 2

The Next Level <br/> of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium ion <br/> batteries, the Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES4 has <br/> a nominal capacity doubling that of the ES2. Travel <br/> farther and reach your
destination quicker than ever <br/> before. The extra power comes with controlled <br/> acceleration for a smoother ride and a cruise control <br/> option so you can ride in comfort. Thanks to the
<br/> textured anti-slip handle, you’ll enjoy better <br/> grip and control.

# 2

The Next Level of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium ion <br/> batteries, the Ninebot KickScooter by Segway <br/> ES4 has a nominal capacity doubling that of the <br/> ES2. Travel farther and reach your
destination <br/> quicker than ever before. The extra power comes <br/> with controlled acceleration for a smoother ride <br/> and a cruise control option so you can ride in <br/> comfort. Thanks to
the textured anti-slip handle, <br/> you’ll enjoy better <br/> grip and control.

# 3

More Powerful <br/> Battery

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES4 battery is a powerhouse, clocking <br/> in witha capacity of 374 Wh, with a nominal power of 300 W and a peak <br/> power of 800 W. The batteries have
overheating, short circuit, overcurrent, <br/> and over-charge protection, ensuring hundreds of cycles without <br/> compromising max capacity. Each ES4 comes with both an internal and <br/> removable
external lithium ion battery.

# 3

More Powerful Battery

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES4 battery <br/> is a powerhouse, clocking in witha capacity of 374 <br/> Wh, with a nominal power of 300 W and a peak <br/> power of 800 W. The batteries have
overheating, <br/> short circuit, overcurrent, and over-charge <br/> protection, ensuring hundreds of cycles without <br/> compromising max capacity. Each ES4 comes with <br/> both an internal and
removable external lithium ion <br/> battery.

# 4

Lightweight & Foldable

The one-click folding system allows this <br/> lightweight electric Ninebot by Segway <br/> KickScooter ES4 to be carried on public <br/> transportation, stored in your car and more. It <br/>
conveniently goes anywhere.

# 4

Lightweight & Foldable

The one-click folding system allows this <br/> lightweight electric Ninebot by Segway <br/> KickScooter ES4 to be carried on public <br/> transportation, stored in your car and more. It <br/>
conveniently goes anywhere.

# 5

Superior <br/> Technology

The built-in LED display shows your speed and <br/> remaining battery life, so you always have the <br/> information you need. Turn on the headlight with a <br/> quick click of the power button.
Customize the color <br/> of the rear and side lights to suit your style while <br/> providing increased visibility during low light <br/> conditions.

# 5

Superior Technology

The built-in LED display shows your speed and <br/> remaining battery life, so you always have the <br/> information you need. Turn on the headlight with a <br/> quick click of the power button.
Customize the <br/> color of the rear and side lights to suit your style <br/> while providing increased visibility during low light <br/> conditions.

# 6

Built for <br/> Performance <br/> and Comfort

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES4 has <br/> built-in front and rear shock absorbers to provide <br/> a smooth ride even at high speeds. It features <br/> electrical and mechanical brakes for
increased <br/> safety.

# 6

Built for Performance <br/> and Comfort

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 has built- <br/> in front shock absorption to provide a smooth ride <br/> even at high speeds. It features electrical and <br/> mechanical brakes for increased
safety.

# ------------------------------ ks-zing-e10 ------------------------------

# 1

The New sensation <br/> for big kids

With the uniquely tailored exterior and ergonomic fit, the E10 is <br/> a perfect mobility companion for big kids. <br/> Slim, lightweight, inconspicuous yet dazzling color scheme, <br/> dynanic
handlebar shape. With the E10 eKickScooter, be the <br/> coolest kid in town

# 1

The New sensation for big kids

With the uniquely tailored exterior and ergonomic <br/> fit, the E10 is a perfect mobility companion for big <br/> kids. Slim, lightweight, inconspicuous yet dazzling <br/> color scheme, dynanic
handlebar shape. With the <br/> E10 eKickScooter, be the coolest kid in town

# 2

3M Reflective <br/> Stickers

The 3M Reflective Sticker is installed on the <br/> fender. It has high reflectivity, a wide reflection <br/> angle, and strong adhesion, providing more safety <br/> and security.

# 2

3M Reflective Stickers

The 3M Reflective Sticker is installed on the <br/> fender. It has high reflectivity, a wide reflection <br/> angle, and strong adhesion, providing more <br/> safety and security.

# 3

Handbrake to <br/> Your Full Control

The Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E10 is equipped with a high- <br/> performance handbrake system, which also has the EBS energy <br/> recovery brake function. In addition, the rear fender also has a
<br/> brake function. Braking is secure and safe on the ZING E10

# 3

Handbrake to <br/> Your Full Control

The Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E10 is equipped <br/> with a high-performance handbrake system, which <br/> also has the EBS energy recovery brake function. <br/> In addition, the rear fender also has a
brake <br/> function. Braking is secure and safe on the <br/> ZING E10

# 4

Silicone <br/> Foot Pad

The silicone foot pad has excellent anti-skid <br/> properties and is easy to clean, making your <br/> experience stable and comfortable.

# 4

Silicone Foot Pad

The silicone foot pad has excellent anti-skid <br/> properties and is easy to clean, making your <br/> experience stable and comfortable.

# 5

One-Click <br/> Switch

The one-click switch also takes into account the <br/> switching function when riding. You can switch among <br/> the three riding modes of throttle, cruise and safety\* <br/> just by clicking the
button after starting up, very <br/> simple and convenient.

# 5

One-Click Switch

The Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E8 is equipped <br/> with a high-performance handbrake system, which <br/> also has the EBS energy recovery brake function. <br/> In addition, the rear fender also has a
brake <br/> function. Triple braking system, extra safety <br/> precautions.

# 6

40mm Front <br/> Shock <br/> Absorption <br/> System

Get ready for a smooth ride like no other. In order to <br/> deliver a comfortable riding experience In order to <br/> bring a more comfortable riding experience, the ZING <br/> E10 is equipped with a
spring shock absorption <br/> system, which can more effectively absorb the bumps <br/> from sand, grass, and dirt roads. With the patented <br/> anti-skid tubeless tires, you can just ride smoothly
and <br/> have fun.

# 6

40mm Front Shock <br/> Absorption System

TGet ready for a smooth ride like no other. In order <br/> to deliver a comfortable riding experience In order <br/> to bring a more comfortable riding experience, the <br/> ZING E10 is equipped with
a spring shock <br/> absorption system, which can more effectively <br/> absorb the bumps from sand, grass, and dirt roads. <br/> With the patented anti-skid tubeless tires, you can <br/> just ride
smoothly and have fun.

# 7

Foldable <br/> DESIGN

Easy to Store. Take It Anywhere. The body is slim <br/> and light, with a thickness of only 1.3 inches (3.4cm), <br/> and weighing only 18.7 lbs (8.5kg). It is a combination <br/> of deisgn and
portability. When folded, the whole <br/> vehicle is very compact, easy to carry, and <br/> convenient to store in the trunk.

# 7

Foldable DESIGN

Easy to Store. Take It Anywhere. The body is slim <br/> and light, with a thickness of only 1.3 inches <br/> (3.4cm), and weighing only 18.7 lbs (8.5kg). It is a <br/> combination of deisgn and
portability. When <br/> folded, the whole vehicle is very compact, easy to <br/> carry, and convenient to store in the trunk.

# ------------------------------ ks-zing-e12 ------------------------------

# 1

Ninebot <br/> EKickscooter <br/> ZING e12

The New Sensation for Big Kids! <br/> Slim, lightweight, bright, with a dynamic handlebar. <br/> Be the coolest in town with the E12 KickScooter.

# 1

Ninebot EKickscooter <br/> ZING e12

The New Sensation for Big Kids! <br/> Slim, lightweight, bright, with a dynamic handlebar. <br/> Be the coolest in town with the E12 KickScooter.

# 2

3 Riding <br/> Modes

Turbo: Accelerate with the thumb throttle. <br/> Cruise: Kick to start for a smooth riding <br/> experience. Safe: Under 6.2 mph (10km/h) <br/> for beginners.

# 2

3 Riding Modes

Turbo: Accelerate with the thumb throttle. <br/> Cruise: Kick to start for a smooth riding <br/> experience. Safe: Under 6.2 mph (10km/h) for <br/> beginners.

# 3

Smart Battery <br/> Management <br/> System

With 7 years of accumulated development of the fifth- <br/> generation BMS intelligent battery management system, <br/> the cumulative total of managed batteries exceeds 300 <br/> million, which can
provide comprehensive protection for <br/> lithium-ion batteries. The support of the BMS makes the <br/> ZING E12 eKickScooter safe and reliable.

# 3

Smart Battery Management System

With 7 years of accumulated development of the fifth- <br/> generation BMS intelligent battery management system, <br/> the cumulative total of managed batteries exceeds 300 <br/> million, which can
provide comprehensive protection for <br/> lithium-ion batteries. The support of the BMS makes the <br/> ZING E12 eKickScooter safe and reliable.

# 4

Foldable Design

The body is slim and light, with a thickness of <br/> only 34mm (3.4cm), and weighing in at only <br/> 18.7lbs (8.5kg). A combination of design and <br/> portability, when folded, it is easy to carry,
and <br/> convenient to store.

# 4

Foldable Design

The body is slim and light, with a thickness of <br/> only 34mm (3.4cm), and weighing in at only <br/> 18.7lbs (8.5kg). A combination of design and <br/> portability, when folded, it is easy to carry,
and <br/> convenient to store.

# 5

40mm Front Shock <br/> Absorption System

Get ready for a smooth ride like no other. In order to <br/> deliver a comfortable riding experience In order to <br/> bring a more comfortable riding experience, the ZING <br/> E10 is equipped with a
spring shock absorption <br/> system, which can more effectively absorb the bumps <br/> from sand, grass, and dirt roads. With the patented <br/> anti-skid tubeless tires, you can just ride smoothly
and <br/> have fun.

# 5

40mm Front Shock <br/> Absorption System

Get ready for a smooth ride like no other. In order <br/> to deliver a comfortable riding experience In order <br/> to bring a more comfortable riding experience, the <br/> ZING E10 is equipped with a
spring shock <br/> absorption system, which can more effectively <br/> absorb the bumps from sand, grass, and dirt roads. <br/> With the patented anti-skid tubeless tires, you can <br/> just ride
smoothly and have fun.

# 6

One-Click <br/> Switch

The one-click switch allows you to switch <br/> between three riding modes: sports, cruise, <br/> and \*safety. All at the click of a switch when <br/> you start your ride.

# 6

One-Click Switch

The one-click switch allows you to switch between <br/> three riding modes: sports, cruise, and \*safety. All <br/> at the click of a switch when you start your ride.

# 7

Thumb <br/> Throttle

The thumb throttle has moderate resistance and <br/> responsiveness, which is convenient for riders to <br/> control the driving speed and fully enjoy the <br/> fun of "driving".

# 7

Thumb Throttle

The thumb throttle has moderate resistance and <br/> responsiveness, which is convenient for riders to <br/> control the driving speed and fully enjoy the <br/> fun of "driving".

# ------------------------------ ks-zing-e-8 ------------------------------

# 1

Ninebot <br/> EKickscooter ZING e8

Vibrant Colors Designed for Children <br/> The Ninebot eKickSscooter E8 adopts an exterior design that <br/> is specifically tailored for children - slim body, vibrant colors <br/> (blue & pink).
<br/> <br/>

Switch to electric mode and enjoy the fun experience of <br/> "driving". Kick on the ground, press the throttle, and hold the <br/> handlebar, enjoy the refreshing acceleration in its fullest.

# 1

Ninebot EKickscooter ZING e8

Vibrant Colors Designed for Children <br/> The Ninebot eKickSscooter E8 adopts an exterior <br/> design that is specifically tailored for children - <br/> slim body, vibrant colors (blue & pink).
<br/> <br/>

Switch to electric mode and enjoy the fun <br/> experience of "driving". Kick on the ground, press <br/> the throttle, and hold the handlebar, enjoy the <br/> refreshing acceleration in its fullest.

# 2

Crusie Mode

Come and try a new way of riding <br/> kickscooters! Simply kick to start, the scooter <br/> will continue to glide without needing to <br/> press the throttle! The harder you kick, the <br/> faster
you accelerate.

# 2

Crusie Mode

Come and try a new way of riding kickscooters! <br/> Simply kick to start, the scooter will continue to <br/> glide without needing to press the throttle! The <br/> harder you kick, the faster you
accelerate.

# 3

The Next Level <br/> of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium-ion batteries, the <br/> Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 allows you to travel farther <br/> and reach your destination quicker than ever before. The extra
<br/> power comes with controlled acceleration for a smoother ride <br/> and a cruise control option so you can ride in comfort. Thanks to <br/> the textured anti-slip handle, you’ll enjoy better grip
and control.

# 3

The Next Level of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium-ion <br/> batteries, the Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 <br/> allows you to travel farther and reach your <br/> destination quicker than ever before. The
extra <br/> power comes with controlled acceleration for a <br/> smoother ride and a cruise control option so you <br/> can ride in comfort. Thanks to the textured anti-slip <br/> handle, you’ll enjoy
better grip and control.

# 4

Foldable <br/> Design

The slim body is only 1.3 inches in thickness, <br/> and the weight of the scooter is only 17.6 lbs, <br/> which can be easily folded. The scooter is light, <br/> easy to fold, portable, and can be
easily placed <br/> in the trunk.

# 4

Foldable Design

The slim body is only 1.3 inches in thickness, <br/> and the weight of the scooter is only 17.6 lbs, <br/> which can be easily folded. The scooter is light, <br/> easy to fold, portable, and can be
easily placed <br/> in the trunk.

# 5

3 SAFETY <br/> BRAKING SYSTEM

The Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E8 is equipped with a <br/> high-performance handbrake system, which also has <br/> the EBS energy recovery brake function. In addition, <br/> the rear fender also has a
brake function. Triple <br/> braking system, extra safety precautions.

# 5

3 SAFETY BRAKING SYSTEM

The Ninebot eKickScooter ZING E8 is equipped <br/> with a high-performance handbrake system, which <br/> also has the EBS energy recovery brake function. <br/> In addition, the rear fender also has a
brake <br/> function. Triple braking system, extra safety <br/> precautions.

# 6

Low Pedal <br/> Design

The scooter is only 3.9 inches above the <br/> ground, the center of gravity is low, and it is <br/> closer to the ground, allowing the children <br/> to ride d control easily.

# 6

Low Pedal Design

The scooter is only 3.9 inches above the ground, <br/> the center of gravity is low, and it is closer to the <br/> ground, allowing the children to ride d control <br/> easily.

# 7

3M Reflective <br/> Stickers

The 3M reflective sticker is installed on the fender. It <br/> has high reflectivity, a wide reflection angle, and <br/> strong adhesion, providing more safety and security.

# 7

3M Reflective Stickers

The 3M reflective sticker is installed on the fender. <br/> It has high reflectivity, a wide reflection angle, and <br/> strong adhesion, providing more safety and security.




# ------------------------------ ks-es-3 ------------------------------

# 1
More Powerful Battery

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 battery is a <br/>
powerhouse, clocking in with a capacity of 374 Wh, with a <br/>
nominal power of 250 W and peak power of 600 W. The <br/>
batteries have overheating, short circuit, overcurrent, and over- <br/>
charge protection, ensuring hundreds of cycles without <br/>
compromising max capacity. Each ES3 comes with both an <br/>
internal and removable external lithium-ion battery.


# 1
More Powerful Battery

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 battery <br/>
is a powerhouse, clocking in with a capacity of 374 <br/>
Wh, with a nominal power of 250 W and peak <br/>
power of 600 W. The batteries have overheating, <br/>
short circuit, overcurrent, and over-charge <br/>
protection, ensuring hundreds of cycles without <br/>
compromising max capacity. Each ES3 comes with <br/>
both an internal and removable external lithium- <br/>
ion battery.

# 2
A Real <br/>
Powerhouse

Experience greater power, range, and speed. With an <br/>
internal and external lithium-ion battery, the Ninebot <br/>
KickScooter by Segway ES3 has a top speed of nearly <br/>
15.5 mph and a range of up to 28 miles. The bar for <br/>
high-performance e-scooters has been raised.

# 2
A Real Powerhouse

Experience greater power, range, and speed. <br/>
With an internal and external lithium-ion battery, <br/>
the Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 has a <br/>
top speed of nearly 15.5 mph and a range of up <br/>
to 28 miles. The bar for high-performance e- <br/>
scooters has been raised.

# 3
The Next Level <br/>
of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium-ion batteries, the Ninebot <br/>
KickScooter by Segway ES3 allows you to travel farther and reach your <br/>
destination quicker than ever before. The extra power comes with <br/>
controlled acceleration for a smoother ride and a cruise control option so <br/>
you can ride in comfort. Thanks to the textured anti-slip handle, you’ll enjoy <br/>
better grip and control.

# 3
The Next Level of e-Scooter

Equipped with internal and external lithium-ion batteries, <br/>
the Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 <br/>
allows you to travel farther and reach your <br/>
destination quicker than ever before. The extra <br/>
power comes with controlled acceleration for a <br/>
smoother ride and a cruise control option so you <br/>
can ride in comfort. Thanks to the textured anti-slip <br/>
handle, you’ll enjoy better grip and control.

# 4
Lightweight & <br/>
Foldable

The one-click folding system allows this <br/>
lightweight electric Ninebot by Segway <br/>
KickScooter ES3 to be carried on public <br/>
transportation, stored in your car and more. It <br/>
conveniently goes anywhere.
# 4
Lightweight & Foldable

The one-click folding system allows this lightweight <br/>
electric Ninebot by Segway KickScooter <br/>
ES3 to be carried on public <br/>
transportation, stored in your car and more. <br/>
It conveniently goes anywhere.

# 5
Enjoy a Longer <br/>
Rider with <br/>
Smart BMS

Enjoy more of your ride, and get where you're going <br/>
faster on your Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 <br/>
thanks to our efficient battery cells and powerful <br/>
600W motor. Our Smart Battery Management System <br/>
(Smart-BMS) closely monitors the battery cells.

# 5
Enjoy a Longer Rider with <br/>
Smart BMS

Enjoy more of your ride, and get where you're <br/>
going faster on your Ninebot KickScooter by <br/>
Segway ES3 thanks to our efficient battery cells <br/>
and powerful 600W motor. Our Smart Battery <br/>
Management System (Smart-BMS) closely monitors <br/>
the battery cells.

# 6
Superior <br/>
Technology

The built-in LED display shows your speed and <br/>
remaining battery life, so you always have the <br/>
information you need. Turn on the headlight with a <br/>
quick click of the power button.

# 6
Superior Technology

The built-in LED display shows your speed and <br/>
remaining battery life, so you always have the <br/>
information you need. Turn on the headlight with a <br/>
quick click of the power button.

# 7
Built for <br/>
Performance <br/>
and Comfort

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 has built-in <br/>
front shock absorption to provide a smooth ride <br/>
even at high speeds. It features electrical and <br/>
mechanical brakes for increased safety.

# 7
Built for Performance <br/>
and Comfort

The Ninebot KickScooter by Segway ES3 has built- <br/>
in front shock absorption to provide a smooth ride <br/>
even at high speeds. It features electrical and <br/>
mechanical brakes for increased safety.